The challenge
Advancing at the pace of tech innovation
From low-latency trading to supporting financial advisors with generative AI
tools, Morgan Stanley has consistently used innovation to drive better outcomes.
But as the rate of tech advancement continued to increase, the company
recognized the need to pick up the pace.

 

They sought the most effective way to modernize their tech stacks, invest in their
people, and deliver on business goals. The stakes were high: If Morgan Stanley
didn't address these challenges, they would be less effective in supporting
customers and clients to achieve their goals.

 

AI, cybersecurity, and cloud were the most important technologies to master.
Each of these domains demanded a thoughtful approach with a deliberate plan
to manage risk.

 

It became clear that in order to meet these challenges, Morgan Stanley needed
to improve their talent development. A one-and-done, one-size-fits-all upskilling
approach wouldn’t cut it. They needed a personalized learning solution designed
to fit into their employees’ busy schedules and deliver targeted solutions in a
fast-paced market environment.
Who they are
As a global financial services firm, Morgan Stanley is committed to technological
innovation. The firm relies on its technologists around the world to create
leading-edge, secure platforms for its businesses.

The solution
Building a team of skills heroes
Since partnering with Pluralsight, Morgan Stanley has empowered its
technologists to access the content they need on demand and on their own
time. Pluralsight also supports engaged continuous learning through expert-led
webinars. There’s been a strong correlation between time spent on continuous
learning and high performance on the job.

 

On top of the learning content itself, Pluralsight’s advanced analytics have been
vital for evaluating progress. Morgan Stanley now employs comprehensive
tracking of activity across all tech stacks and integrates this data into their
master dashboard. These analytics help ensure talent development is aligned to
overall strategy, with concrete insight into skills gaps and how to address them.
Additionally, learners gain deeper visibility into their progress through skill- and
role-based self-assessments.

 

The company has formalized the new upskilling approach via co-sponsored
learning campaigns: Skills Hero in 2023 and ElevateU in 2024. The campaigns
feature themed learning blocks aligned to relevant topics and prizes to inject fun
into the process. Learners and leaders alike have responded with frequent
engagement and positive feedback.

Next steps
Flexible learning for evolving tech
Morgan Stanley may have found a great learning partner in Pluralsight, but they’re certainly
not standing still. They aim to stay ahead in a rapidly changing tech environment, align
learning plans to their technology strategy, and ensure their people have increasing access
to the learning they need across all key technology domains—from data to AI, cyber, and
governance solutions—to drive client and customer value.

 

"Ultimately, it’s the learners behind the technology who matter most. Distinguished Engineer
and Head of Technology Strategy Execution, Trevor Brosnan, puts it best: “Technology is a
people business. In today's world, with all this focus on AI and automation, it's easy to lose
sight of the fact that technology depends on all of our people. And Pluralsight is our partner
in achieving that mission."

"Our technologists appreciate the
high-quality courses taught by
vetted professionals. They also
love gamification and collecting
the badges. The user interface is
clean and intuitive, making it easy
to navigate and find what they’re
looking for."
Natalia Borisova, 
eLearning Program Manager